



“The Impact of Manga on Raising Awareness and Changing the Attitude towards Disability among the Japanese Youth in the 21st Century”
Abstract
In Japanese history Manga is a comics or graphic novels which has taken fame in Japan in 1900 century. It has a very long prehistoric journey to get popularity and fame in Japan. It is a part of Japanese art. The term manga is only used in Japan when the cartooning and comics are discussed. In manga characters are also displayed with disabilities. Numerous researches and studies revealed that manga puts a positive impact on people while describing awareness of disabilities among people. People show different attitudes towards people with disabilities. Some show positive attitude and some show negative attitude. The aim of this research is to explore how manga is helpful in changing behaviors towards those who are disabled in Japan. For conducting this research quantitative study will be conducted with the help of questionnaire. The results showed that the impact of manga towards the disabled people of Japan is positive. By seeing those comics people come to know what exactly run in the minds of disabled people and what are their complexes. These comics help in eradicating and overcoming the complexes and shortfalls from which disabled people are going through. It is also recommended to implement manga in other parts of the world too so that its benefits can enjoyed globally as well.
Introduction
Every human being has attitude, emotions and believes. There are a lot of sources from which these attitudes, emotions and believes are formed. However, these attitudes always impact on the behaviors of people with each other when they meet and greet. “The idea of the impact of these attitudes was stated by Lundberg, Zabriskie, Smith and Barney, the greatest impediment to a person’s taking full part in his society are not his physical flaws, but rather the issue of myths, fears, and misunderstandings that society attaches to them”. People show different attitudes with those who suffer from disabilities, some show good attitudes; some show negative attitudes. “Attitudes are always developed in different ways. Corrigan, Lundin, Penn, Uphoff-Wasowski, Campion, & Kubiak had explored that people show attitudes towards other people based on their personalities and their past experiences they had with different people suffering with disabilities. Those people who have a factor of openness and sense of agreement in their personalities” always show a positive attitude towards those who are suffering from disabilities; these people develop more sense of positive behavior when they came across disabled people. These factors are a cause of shaping human beings’ personalities. People always show both kind of attitudes are positive or negative. There are many supporting themes in the past that were extracted through qualitative analysis and showed that “admiration, positive expectations, need to accommodate, sympathy for unfair treatment, desire to improve attitude, positive contact and importance of knowing what a person can do rather than cannot do” are very supporting in terms of measuring positive attitudes of different people towards the disabled class of people. However, there were also some themes that measure the negative attitude of people.  However, there were some adverse arguments, for example dread “of the” strange, “not knowing how to” respond “in the presence of someone with a” handicap, “discomfort from interactions, and the idea that there should not be preferential treatment in the workplace”. It is questioned if attitudes can change given the way they develop. Is it possible to change people's attitudes, and if so, is the shift positive or negative? People's attitudes can alter because of unfavorable events. Some people, on the other hand, may obtain a fresh viewpoint by their own efforts, such as the "Spread the Word to End the Word" campaign and groups such as "Best Buddies." Others may interact positively with family members, neighbors, or friends. Can attitudes, whether negative or favorable, change? (Masci, no date).  According to the World Report on Disability, roughly one billion people worldwide are disabled, with 80 percent of them living in developing nations. This number is significant, however there is a lack of data and vast gaps in information regarding many sorts of disability in low- and middle-income nations. In general, high-income governments are investing more in research and service provision. Despite advances in policy and service delivery in high-income nations, people with intellectual impairments continue to face significant levels of stigma and discrimination, including diminished work possibilities, limited access to education, and inferior care. Disability continues to be a complicated, dynamic, multi-dimensional, and contentious notion. As a result, the notion of disability has evolved, and perspectives have altered from viewing this group as persons with impairments to seeing them as individuals with disabilities within their social environment. The UN Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (UNCRPD) assumes that 'disability' comes from the interaction between persons with impairments and attitudinal and environmental barriers that prevent their full and effective participation in society. Given the challenges in agreeing on a definition of impairment, it is critical to recognize that these valuations are culturally distinctive. Manga has numerous definitions and influences a society's ideals, morals, and behavioral patterns. Manga refers to the collective collection of characteristics passed down from generation to generation that define one civilization from another in how they think, feel, act, and react to people and events through comics and cartooning. This emphasizes the significance of manga not just in terms of views and stigma against persons with intellectual impairments, but also, more positively, focuses attention to the support that may exist for this group within various groups. According on the minimal manga research done so far, views toward people with intellectual disabilities are more favorable in high-income countries than in low- and middle-income countries. Other studies have revealed that nations with individualistic principles, such as Japan, have more positive attitudes toward persons with disabilities than societies with collectivist values. (Chege, no date).  Since the late 1990s, the Japanese comic book ('manga') business has taken the world by storm.  century. Manga’s not only have a big market share in Japan, but they have also drawn a global audience and have become a popular medium for a wide variety of genres. They are not only selling well in foreign nations, but they are also assimilating into the local culture. Manga’s have been successful in crossing cultural boundaries and leaving an important and enduring impression on audiences all around the world. This success was initially limited, but today readers' imaginations have been caught everywhere, producing a fan base that is growing by the day. Nonetheless, these comics have encountered a number of challenges along the road. Manga’s, on the other hand, have been chastised for their sexual and violent content. Because a big number of parents believe manga is intended for children, they believe it contains too much gore and sex. They feel that some manga are inappropriate for underage readers and should be reclassified for an adult audience everywhere, producing a fan base that is growing by the day. Nonetheless, these comics have encountered a number of challenges along the road (Mahaseth, 2018). After entering the Chinese market, the Japanese animation industry had a considerable impact on the values of Chinese youth. Generations of artists have continued to create their own life philosophy, aesthetic goals, and Utopia fantasy since the start of anime art, giving it a distinct modern art form. As a popular culture, Japanese anime has not only met people's expanding cultural and recreational requirements, but it has also boosted Japanese countries' "soft power." With its distinct beauty, Japanese animation has affected China. According to certain surveys, Japanese animation accounts for 60% of the most popular animation works among young people in China, while European and American animation accounts for 29%. In China, including Hong Kong and Taiwan, the share of original animation is barely 11%.  This demonstrates that Japanese animation appeals to Chinese teenagers. To that end, many domestic experts and scholars have analyzed and investigated the value impact, cultural influence, psychological influence, and occupational influence of Japanese anime on Chinese youth, in order to investigate the benefits and drawbacks of Japanese anime on the development of Chinese youth. This article looks at Japanese anime. The content, composition, characteristics, and reasons for Japanese anime in Chinese youth in the context of China's national conditions, objectively analyses the impact of Japanese anime on Chinese youth from both advantages and disadvantages and propose ways to avoid the negative impact of Japanese animation from the perspectives of society, schools, and families. Response tactics are specific. Historically, Chinese culture has had a profound influence on Japanese culture. The Japanese people's customs and expressions reflect the Orientals' introverted and delicate traditions. The narrative and emotional representation of the story in the animation works can appeal with Chinese readers and audiences. In terms of production techniques, Japanese animation is inspired by Chinese traditional culture. The integration of Chinese cultural themes in Japanese anime is very likely to pique Chinese youth's curiosity and cultural identification. This is also the internal cause of Japanese anime's popularity among China's young (Lu and Zhang, 2019). Anime is a form of cartoon, but it is more complicated, mature, and broad, and the animation drawing is on a higher level than that of a simple cartoon. Anime, who originated in Japan, is rendered into manga (comic) draughts by a "Mangaka" (artist). A hundred people then reorganize, colorizer, and synchronize these draughts. Following the sequencing, a "Seiyuu" (Voice Actor) will bring the character to life. One second of movement necessitates between twenty-five and thirty-five drawings of drawing. Because it originated in Japan, the majority of Anime depict the culture and hidden beauty of Japan, as well as its technical growth, friendship, love, and student life the Japanese way. Japanese animation, also known as anime, is widely recognized, and anticipated as a source of amusement for people of all ages. There is anime that are shown on television, others that are on DVD, and some that are brought to life by "cosplayers." We can see the evolution of Japanese animation from time to time by observing the effects, drawing techniques, and, most importantly, the tales (Effects on Watching Anime on Individual Habits and Attitudes | Bartleby, no date).  Objective of this study is to evaluate the positive and negative effect of Manga on the attitude of people towards disabled people. This study also determined that whether watching Manga has neither positive nor negative infect on disabled persons. This study will also find out the direct impact of Manga on habits and attitude of people. The introduction of Manga in Japan has put very big impact on the society because it is considered the successful receptor of culture. One of the impacts of its popularity was due to the increasing number of young Japanese readers who started to work on Manga. It is found that Manga is a strong contributor of shifting behavior of people.  
Research Questions
Following are the research questions of this study:
What is the difference between the attitudes of people towards disabled and nondisabled people?
How to create disability awareness through manga among public?
Is there any different of attitude found among those people towards disabled persons who have awareness among Manga?
Does Manga have a strong influence on people attitude towards disabled people?
Background of Research
People with disabilities always face challenges and societal in equalities from other people which has created a barrier for them for getting their equal rights in the society. There are a lot of studies that have been conducted in the past in order to identify certain disabilities which people are facing and the attitude of society towards the disabled people. Certain comparisons had been made to identify responses of people towards those who are disabled and those who are not. furthermore, it is important to identify on what parameters care givers show positive attitude towards disabled people and what are the factors that forced them to do so. The difference between the attitudes of caregivers and general public towards disabled should also be observed. It was also very important to identify the issue in the attitudes of people . Disability has become a part of life and its major cause is the age factor. Ther4e are many chronic diseases which people are facing due to aging and are on life saving drugs to improve their quality of life and prolong their life. The United Nation’s millennium development goals are having major aim to increase life span of people. According to the survey conducted by world health organization approximately more than 1 million people are suffering from disabilities. There are many steps that should be taken to make participation of disabled people in the society equal to those who are not disabled. 
Nations have been observed that people have a lot of negativities for those who ae disabled. Sometimes disabled people are an asset to the society and due to the negative attitude of society towards them sometimes society faces a huge loss of talent. Negative attitudes of people can lead towards discontinuation of good opportunities of work, lack of self-confidence and loneliness which is causing stigmatization, marginalization, and recursively negative impacts on health issues this may increase the disability effect and discomfort of people with disabilities. The identification and understanding of bad attitudes of people with disabilities can define the factors and development of society. In developed countries a lot of trainings are conducted to improve people attitudes towards people. Attitude of people towards disability is defined as “the cognitive and behavioral processes that involve judgment and favorable/unfavorable reactions to aspects of disability”. Typically, disabled people have a feeling of disappointment, discrimination, marginalization, and less expectations from the society. If the attitude of society towards disabled persons is positive than disabled people can be an asset to the society. Keeping these trends in view Japanese people started to introduce these concepts in their aminated comics known as manga. In manga a lot of attention has been given to care givers so that people can get lessons and change their attitudes towards people with disabilities .  
A number of researches have documented carers of PWDs' politeness stigma , but because this stigma is only one component of a complex of attitudes, few studies have documented PWD family-member caregivers' views in Chinese culture. In general, a negative attitude can degrade the quality of help and support, lowering the quality of life for people with disabilities  and hindering their integration into society. Lower prospects for the crippled may lead to maladaptive coping and inconsistency in rehabilitation or treatment , as well as increased stress on both PWD and carers. A caregiver's capacity to seek support  to cope with increased stress may be hampered by disability-related stigma or prejudice. However, nothing is known about if or how a courtesy stigma affects this population, and there is a lack of trustworthy data on caregiver views regarding disability and PWD in China. As a result, a deficit in research dedicated to studying attitudes on disability and PWD in China, particularly among family-member carers, prompted this analysis. People with disabilities themselves are the focus of a third group. The experience of social contact has a substantial impact on PWDs' attitudes regarding their own impairment . Positive attitudes regarding impairment were found to be strongly related with increased quality of life in a prior study . Positive attitudes may lead to matching positive actions , therefore understanding PWD's attitude about their impairment is a first step in developing an effective behavioural intervention. As a result, understanding PWD attitudes might aid in the improvement of relevant health services and the facilitation of PWD self-acceptance, hence boosting integration into society . Most of the prior research on attitudes about disability has focused on the public, caregivers, or health professionals individually , and as a result, the absence of data on PWDs' views regarding their impairment aided in the development of this study.
The experiences of the public with disabilities may have an impact. As noted, one goal of this study was to uncover any existing disparities in views regarding disability among the general population, people with disabilities, and carers. It is commonly recognised that a person's previous and present experiences may shape their perspectives . The general public's perceptions of disability may be shaped by television, social media, or brief encounters with PWDs, but PWDs and carers' perceptions are shaped by their own everyday struggles with disability. While many studies have looked at the general people's attitude to determine the amount of social inclusion, it is important to highlight that the degree of inclusion of or discrimination against PWD as seen by the public and caregivers/PWDs are not the same. For example, the general population may sense increased inclusion and less discrimination against PWDs, but PWDs and caregivers having firsthand experience with disability may believe the reverse. As a result, one purpose of our study was to discover inconsistencies that might indicate disparities in views between the public and PWD/caregivers who live in the same society and hint at whether community participation-related activities would be strengthened among caregivers/PWD. Differences in the types of disability-related activities that PWD and carers engage in, as well as the perceived difficulty of providing care for daily living chores, emotional and nonmedical requirements, and so on, show that attitudes regarding disability and PWD differ among PWD and caregivers . The significant differences in attitudes between these two groups must be addressed to develop tailored educational interventions for PWD and caregivers that foster hope, positive attitudes, and healthy individual and cooperative behaviours for coping with disability, as well as contributing to improved PWD social inclusion and better quality of life for PWD and caregivers. The fundamental goal of this study was to look at the views of all three groups—people with disabilities, carers, and the public—in China, and to compare those perspectives. To do so, we employed the worldwide evaluation Attitudes to Disability Scale , which was established by the World Health Organization Quality of Life-Disability Group (WHOQOL-DIS). Within each group, the possible influencing variables of attitudes toward disability were also investigated. The study's premise is that views regarding disability and PWD differ between the three categories, with PWD having the least unfavourable attitude toward disability.
Due to the ageing population and changing demography of civilizations, disability has become a natural element of the worldwide human experience in a variety of domains. According to the World Health Organization disability is the outcome of the interplay between people who have a health problem and personal and environmental variables. Indeed, more than one billion individuals (15 percent of the world's population) suffer from various forms of impairment, posing a severe medical and societal burden worldwide. As a result, it encourages the general population to think about how to integrate and support persons with disabilities. Many governments have begun to build social and rehabilitative programmes in recent years to alleviate the burden and improve the well-being of persons with mental and physical impairments.
Acceptance and assistance from the general population are crucial to the well-being of persons with impairments. "The primary obstacle of the blind is not blindness, but the attitude of seeing people toward them," as Helen Keller, a famous handicapped writer with impairments, put it. People's attitudes regarding disabilities are based on a multidimensional assessment of their abilities, which can be positive or negative, or a combination of the two. Positive social views can assist inclusion and acceptance by family, friends, and employers, but negative attitudes can lead to low expectations, discrimination, and marginalisation. To be more precise, data has shown that unfavourable views of healthcare professionals’ function as a barrier to those with disabilities participating in a variety of activities, including physical activity, fitness, and education settings. Given the current global scenario and the importance of attitudes, the public should be asked to reconsider and promote their attitudes toward individuals with disabilities to create a more inclusive society. Social inclusion, community involvement, and the empowerment of individuals with disabilities are essential themes influencing contemporary policies and services given all over the world, according to evidence. Disabled people's integration into the society and access to public services are influenced by public views about them, as well as their everyday lives and social involvement, such as employment. Several researches have found that people's perspectives are shaped by their previous and present experiences, implying that several variables might mediate and influence public attitudes toward handicapped persons. Although the idea of attitude is multifaceted, no research on public attitudes toward persons with diverse impairments are currently available. As a result, it is vital to identify the significant elements and evaluate whether there is a link between those factors and public perceptions. This might lead to better understanding of how to not only foster good attitudes, but also how to change bad attitudes. A summary of probable influencing elements, both limiting and facilitating, might help health professionals, educators, and policymakers formulate successful interventions and decisions. As a result, the goal of this research is to systematically gather, identify, and analyse elements related with public attitudes toward individuals with disabilities to establish a foundation for future research in this field.
Rationale of Research
The manga industry in Japan has taken over the world via thunderstorm even in the 20th Century. It is holding a large market share in Japan. A lot of people world wide are attracted towards them. It is an important source of getting entertained in in Japan. The sales of manga comics and animations in Japan has been reached to the peak in Japan and became a popular essential in their culture by holding a huge market share. This comic has been very effective in changing mind sets of people therefore this comic has also been implemented for disabled persons to show their grievances, attitudes, feelings they suffer from due to the changing attitudes of society individuals towards them. It is a source of putting a great impact on society by high lighting the positive impacts and its contribution. Its impact is long lasting across the globe. Initially there was no attention given to manga in japan but when it included the readers imaginations and perspective it has become popular among the audiences in Japan. Its fan base has been increasing day by day. But there are challenges which comics are facing as well .
Structure of Dissertation
The dissertation is based on five chapters named as introduction, literature review, methodology, results, and conclusion. First chapter is introduction which is putting light on the concept of manga in Japan and its significance across the world. The chapter also identifies the reasons behind conducting this research. Furthermore, the chapter highlights background of Manga and its efficacy on the attitudes of people towards disabled persons. The second chapter is literature review which highlights the studies already conducted in the field of manga. The literature review further covers the areas regarding impact of manga on society, impact of manga on attitudes of people, impact of manga on ill people and impact of manga on attitudes of people towards disabled people. The third chapter is methodology which highlights the model of this research, hypothesis of this research, research design, type of study, variables used, sample size, analysis tool research survey tool, tests applied for analysis, research paradigm, scale used for research, population sample size, targeted population, population sampling method etc.  the fourth chapter is results which interprets the results from the figures extracted from the analysis as per the defined standards. The last and fifth chapter conclusion identifies the summary of this research along with the results extracted.
Literature Review
 Three criteria were evaluated in terms of public perceptions toward handicapped individuals. Society, quantity of interaction, and kind of connection have been the three determinants. This study used a response rate of 229 graduate students in psychology from the Japan and the United States as the target population. The findings revealed there was no substantial association among people's attitudes about handicapped persons and society, nor did it depend on the quantity of contact between individuals. Those who have a favorable attitude toward handicapped people, on the other hand, exhibited a beneficial influence on their attitude, proving that individuals who have relationships with impaired people establish a major relationship of attitudes toward people.
The animation industry of Japan is very vast and mature, it not only out impact on Japanese but also on Chinese culture once it entered in Chinese market. The difficulties which Japanese teams face in fulfilling their dreams in the animation industry had created awareness in them and put a positive impact on their persuasive power to their anime dreams and forming values in adolescents. The violence and pornography had a negative impact in forming adolescence values. However along with advantages there are certain disadvantages which amination industry of japan had on Chinese youth. The positive effect of this amination industry made Chinese youth help in growing their mental and physical health . People with disabilities show a lot of dependency on care givers. Care givers consider it as a responsibility towards disabled persons to help them in difficult situations although it is very difficult for them to cope up with certain conflicts. Care givers face certain issues even within their families because they cannot give enough time to their families because of spending time with disabled people. 
(Kurniawati and Sabila, 2020), The goal of this study is to see how meaningful learning via animated video is in increasing children's knowledge and behavioral intentions toward children with disabilities. The efficacy is then assessed to determine if it can be sustained once the learning process is completed. The findings of the data analysis revealed that education through animated film was very successful in introducing disability, as participants' understanding and behavioral intention toward individuals with impairments increased. Nevertheless, research methodology that use the “Wilcoxon signed-rank test” found no significant association (p> 0.05) in child's knowledge and behavioral intentions toward individuals with disabilities before and after video watching. The findings of data analysis two weeks following the intervention period similarly revealed an insignificant outcome. At the end of the paper, there is a review of the study's findings and even some suggestions for future research.
(Álvarez-Delgado et al., 2020), The goal of this study is to develop and verify a short questionnaire to assess attitudes toward people with disabilities among teenage girls and boys aged 12 to 16. The interaction of a person with their environment is now understood from a contextual viewpoint (ecological model of disability). Hostile emotions and expectations about people with disabilities are still a topic of discussion as component of this interaction since they are one of the most significant hurdles to overall inclusion in society. The following design and execution of intervention methods to reverse these views and improve the collective's status in society involves the assessment of such views in different age groups utilizing new analytical techniques and instruments. There had been 1282 respondents in this research, all of them were between the ages of 12 and 16. A random sample of fourteen educational facilities was chosen at random to examine students' views toward people with disabilities. The “CBAD-12A questionnaire, consisting of 12 Likert-type” items split into three considerations: acceptance/rejection, competence/limitation, and equitable opportunity, was the result. The questionnaire has been shown to have appropriate psychometric properties, providing researchers with a new tool to examine attitudes regarding disability. The questionnaire can be used as a diagnose and/or predictive tool, allowing us to identify and develop treatments targeted at changing teenage attitudes toward people with disabilities.
(Köse and Sönmez-Kartal, 2022), The major goal of this research is to see how successful it is to teach car wash skills to people with minor intellectual disabilities using “animated video prompting (VP) (ID)”. In addition, the research regarding animation VP sought to explore the durability of the training, the representativeness of the gained talent, and the perspectives of the parents and the child. The study employed a diverse probe design with probe conditions among people, which is one of the separate research designs. Three 18–24-year-old boys with moderate ID took part in the study. People with mild ID may acquire the vehicle wash skill utilizing the VP approach provided with animations, according to the findings of the study. The use of graphics can make creating video-based information easier, and video-based training could become more common. Further study should look at whether the animation VP techniques and the VP techniques created using camera records vary in terms of efficacy and efficiency.
(Pollock, 2009), Disabled students are enrolling in college at a higher pace than ever before, thanks to laws, technological advancements, and perhaps a more favorable greater acceptance. The most significant rise in diagnosed impairments among incoming college freshman is in the context of study difficulties, according to data. Many students with disabilities, however, do not complete their college degree, in part owing to faculty members' lack of awareness about various impairments, less-than-accepting attitudes, and a lack of accommodations. The influence of an on-line training programmed on college faculty's attitudes and understanding of students with disabilities was investigated using the Survey of Approaches Against “Disabled Persons (SADP) and the Disability Knowledge Questionnaire”. On-line resources included “disability-related legislation, adaptive teaching practices”, information on learning difficulties and Asperger’s syndrome, and adaptations for students with disabilities. While there were no significant differences between groups, the results indicated that on-line training resulted in somewhat improved scores on the post Scale of Perceptions Toward “Disabled Persons and the post Disability Knowledge Questionnaire”. According to qualitative data, many professors were prepared to make modifications for students with learning difficulties but were wary of any alterations that would endanger the course's integrity. Students with learning challenges should be more proactive in asking adjustments, according to faculty.
(Stevens et al., 2020), At least 5 million children in “Europe and Central Asia” have been diagnosed with some form of impairment. These kids are more likely to be stigmatized and marginalized, which might result in damage and a lack of access to social assistance. Pilot research was created to look at elements that impact the management of disabled children from a holistic and systematic approach. 450 people were interviewed in a structured interview using the social ecology model to assess their knowledge, attitudes, norms, marginalization, and stigma. The findings led to four conclusions. First, it demonstrated that professionals and nonprofessionals scored similarly on the conceptual model's constructs. Furthermore, norms are likely to influence how children with impairments are treated. Third, the study reveals there was not enough attention on teaching and engaging community members in attempt to optimize the treatment of disabled children and defend their rights. Finally, the findings highlight the importance of tackling disability from a holistic social ecological standpoint.
(‘Survey on animation in the disability sector’, 2021), A countrywide poll on graphics and “special education in the disability sector was conducted by DYNSEO in October”. The goal was to give a high-level review of current procedures and to discuss best practices with the community. We had over 60 responses to our survey, and we appreciate all the “special educators, occupational therapists, animators, psychologists, and directors” who took the time to complete it.
(Bello-Bravo, Payumo and Pittendrigh, 2021), Considering the success, attain, and varying availability of internet systems as streams for informal learning by higher-education institutions (HEIs), a better understanding of the factors that influence the effect and attain of any such World wide web ICT informal learning becomes both practical and theoretically important. As a result, this study looked at user data through one informal scientific animation instructional channel on YouTube, the most popular online platform now, to see what factors influenced the videos' effect and reach. The study's findings revealed the most popular videos on the channel, such as survival gardening with irrigated agriculture, charcoal water filtering, and TB prevention, as well as the typical demand, time, place, and quantity of video access. While the basic findings reaffirm previous research that found significant positive correlations between user behavior and YouTube engagement metrics (such as viewing time, view gets counted, likes, and subscribers), they also show that such content can be made universally especially relevant across demographics and around the world. The evidence points to were validated experimentally for reaching the intended recipients of instruction online are needed to best leverage the potential of platforms like YouTube. Offering some measure of insight for boosting HEI participation in informal educational science animation and ICT learning practices that used platforms such As Facebook all around subject matters of steam, agricultural production, food production, and better health outcomes research also points to were added and the solution for reaching the targeted recipients of informal education online are needed to best leverage the potential of platforms like YouTube. access. 
(Sloan, Stratford, and Gregor, 2006), As educators become more conscious of their obligations in ensuring that the learning environment is accessible to impaired students, there is growing discussion over the impact of accessibility regulations on instructional multimedia. There appears to be public concern that the basic principles of accessing different web-based materials are at chances of success with the dynamic and imaginative use of interactive media to endorse education and learning, as well as concerns about the time and cost of supplying accessibility features, which could stifle knowledge development and application. However, efficient multimedia use can improve the availability of the classroom environment for a wide range of impaired students. The attitudinal, practical, and technical problems facing the impactful use of interactive media as an ease of access aid in a classroom process will be explored using the development of 'Skills for Access,' a web resource continuing to support the dual goals of constructing efficiently accessible multimedia for education, as an example. It will be detailed and explored why a holistic plan to availability may be the most successful in guaranteeing that multimedia meets its complete capacity in enabling and assisting students in the classroom, regardless of whatever disabilities they may have.
(Freer, 2021), Attitude hurdles to social inclusion exist for students with impairments. Poor views regarding disability might hinder the establishment of friendships among individuals with and without impairments, leading to social isolation. Fortunately, there is a body of evidence that demonstrates educational interventions might improve students' attitudes regarding handicap. However, such treatments differ in terms of how they teach kids about disabilities and how effective they are. “The "Tripartite Intervention, a 12-lesson intervention for junior-level" primary kids that targets cognitive, behavioral, and emotional aspects of attitude, is presented in this work. This document provides readers with a high-level summary of the remedial lessons as well as some implementation concerns. Initiate the process for intervention materials and training possibilities if you're interested in using the "Tripartite Intervention for educational or research objectives"”.
(Zheng et al., 2016), One of the possible hurdles to social equality for people with disabilities (PWD) is a negative attitude about disability. Although many studies have looked at attitudes regarding disability, few have looked at personal views toward disability among people with disabilities and compared them to those of healthy people. The goal of this study was to investigate and correlate the attitudes of people with disabilities, caregivers, and the public in China toward disability and people with disabilities, to see if there were any differences in attitudes between the three groups, and to investigate potential influencing factors within each group. In Guangzhou, China, a cross-sectional survey was done with 2912 people with disabilities, 507 careers, and 354 citizens. The Attitude to Disabilities Scale was used to collect data on individuals' cultural information and personal views regarding disability (ADS). To examine the levels of mentality among the three groups, ANOVA and ANCOVA were used. The link between each background element and attitude within each group was investigated using “simple and multiple linear regression analysis”. Almost 90% of cares were individuals of the PWD's household. Caregivers had the lowest total ADS scores after adjusting for socio-demographic factors (“caregivers: 47.7; PWD: 52.3; the public: 50.5”). Caregivers who have cared for PWD for extended periods of time had a far more pessimistic view of disability. PWDs who had been handicapped for a longer period, on the other hand, showed a better mindset about disability.  The existing Chinese national social welfare system does not effectively support cares of PWDs who might just require aid in coping with their lives with PWDs. More study is required, as is the establishment of a new “health-care model for people with disabilities”.
(Congenital Disabilities, no date), Disabilities that are apparent at birth are known as congenital disabilities. Since the manner of their onset varies from that of impairments developed later age, the societal problems that arise are also distinct. This introduction will contain a brief explanation of the scientific nature of such disorders but will concentrate on the sociological consequences of early-life disability. Congenital impairments are those that are the consequence of genetic heritage or mutation, or environmental causes during labor or the postnatal era, such as the mother's alcohol consumption or oxygen deprivation after birth, from a based on biological standpoint. "Down syndrome and other chromosome-linked" types of intellectual disability, as well as syndromes that impact appearance, such as dwarfism, and various kinds of blindness and deafness, are examples of genetically based disabilities. Spina bifida, limb abnormalities (such as those linked to the medication thalidomide), "foetal alcohol syndrome", and other disorders are examples of environmental impairments. Cerebral palsy is a common congenital disability that can have several reasons. Congenital disabilities account for most childhood disabilities. Visible disabilities, whether congenital or acquired, can have societal ramifications for persons who have them. Among the repercussions are stigma and the difficulty that comes with it, as well as a lack of access to places and circumstances, as well as financial limits. Congenital impairments, in contrast to impairments gained later in life, provide unique challenges for families. Acquiring predictive and therapeutic information from specialists, as well as making ethical decisions in the situation of life-threatening illnesses, are examples of this. Such decisions are influenced by views of the impacted children's quality of life. Most parents of a child with congenital impairments eventually obtain the resources and supports they require, despite the many obstacles they confront in their search for "normalcy." Children learn to "fit in" with "normal" civilization through negotiating their settings. In maturity, some people progress beyond "normalization" and join the disability rights movement's viewpoint that disability is a normal aspect of human variety, and that society must adapt to accommodate individual variations. According to research on children with congenital impairments, their standard of living and self-esteem are like those of their non-disabled counterparts.  has focused on the evolution of manga on society, also the criticism and their influence on culture on society especially in United States of America and China.
Research Methodology
Scientific research is conducted for the purpose of contributing in benefit of society by proposing a scientific solution after collecting and analyzing data in systematic way . “Analysis of data and variables followed by appropriate methodology lead to significant findings  to propose viable and practical solutions for benefit of society . The purpose of study was to analyze various attitudes of people that are impacted by Manage on disabled persons. The adopted research methodology for the said purpose along with operationalization of variables, data collection tool, sample size, and techniques for data analysis is given below”: 
“Research Design
This research follows epistemology paradigm using descriptive approach and is cross sectional, carried out in inquiry mode through deduction process where primary data is collected. Statistical inferential analyses were conducted to ascertain the impact of independent variables on dependent variables ”. 
“Research Paradigm
Research paradigm is a system or set of fundamental believes about the reality that researcher needs to analyze and investigate the relationships between the factors and determine the appropriate strategies to direct the specific studies . Quantitative research paradigms  is followed and unit of analysis is the Japanese citizen from any walk of life”. 
Population
The targeted population for this study constitutes of all Japanese citizens belonged to different fields may they be students, doctors, businessmen, project managers, bankers, account managers, aircraft engineers, consultants, engineers, housewives, educationists and IT professionals  and .
“Sample Size and Sampling Technique
Sample is the representative of the total population. For data collection under probability sampling method simple random sampling technique was used. Probability sampling refers to the type of sampling where there are equal chances for each unit to be selected and this sample will fully reflect the whole population.  For analysis & hypothesis testing primary data is collected by distributing questionnaire which had 27items in total  “. 
Table 1: Description of Variables
Variable Names	Number of Items
Culture	10
Amount of Contact	8
Type of Relationship	5
manga	6
Disabilities	10
Around 650 questionnaires were circulated among the respondents and 510 questionnaires were received out of which 345 were useable for data analysis and interpretation.
Sample Size and Sampling Technique
“Survey method in descriptive research is considered the best to collect large amount of primary data within a short span of time where most prominent and reliable technique among various data collection techniques in survey research is questionnaire.”
“Research Instrument
The theoretical model of this study consists of three sets of variables, Dependent, Moderators and Independent variable. Six-point Likert scale ranging from agree very much to disagree very much was employed. Questionnaire consisted of two parts; first part contained questions related to demographic questions related to gender, age, education, experience and occupation whereas second part consists of questions related to both independent and dependent variables.”
Operationalization of Variables
The variables were operationalized as per the literature and mentioned below as follows:
Culture: “the arts and other manifestations of human intellectual achievement regarded collectively.” Amount of contact: “frequency of people / society contacting with other people. In this study the frequency of contact will be measured with respect to disabled people.” Type of relationship: “Infatuation: passion only. Friendship: intimacy only. Empty love: commitment only. Romantic love: passion + intimacy. Fatuous love: passion + commitment.” Manga: “a style of Japanese comic books and graphic novels, typically aimed at adults as well as children.” Disabilities: “a physical or mental condition that limits a person's movements, senses, or activities” .
“Data Collection Methodology
The research was quantitative in nature and primary data was gathered through questionnaires”. Questionnaire was distributed to Japanese citizens from various professions including engineers, doctors, students, teachers, house wives, public transport drivers, police officers, armed forces individuals etc. The questionnaires were circulated both in hard and soft form. Online questionnaires were distributed through Google scholar and survey monkey. “The collected data was then exported to SPSS and smart PLS for analysis”.
“Data Analysis
After data collection next step is to analyze it, all valid questionnaires were analyzed and then data analysis software’s were applied to run descriptive statistics analysis, correlation, regression, psychometric tests, factor Analysis and chi square. Descriptive   statistics analysis provides general overview of sample characteristics and various patterns emergence from data. Correlation matrix is used to examine association among variables. Regression analysis is used to study how much manga is influencing the attitude of people to show some positivity towards disabled people. To identify relationship between independent variable and dependent variable the model for regression analysis is elaborated below”. 
Yi = α + β1X1i + β2X2i + β3X3i + β4X4i + µi
Where:
Yi= Disabilities
X1i = Culture
X2i = Amount of Contact
X3i = Type of relationship
X4i = Manga
α = Constant
Results
The study is carried out to examine the attitude of people towards the disabled people and the contribution of manga towards molding those attitudes and to suggest some measures to reduce frequency of negative attitudes for disabled persons. The questionnaire was distributed to males and female Japanese citizens of various fields . Test and techniques applied for data analysis and examining moderating effect of age on relationship between driver behaviors and road accidents are as under: 
Reliability Analysis
The originality of primary data can affect the authenticity of the results of a research in positive manners . There are various means of collecting primary data that include observations, experimentations, surveys and direct interaction with the respondents in a research. It is very essential to be careful while analyzing the primary data due to its application for the first in any research process as the reliability of data should be maintained and unchallenged because data is applied to the lager section of people in a generalize manner. Cronbach’s alpha is calculated for analyzing the reliability of collected data due to its wider use for checking the reliability and validity of questionnaire . It can be seen from the results of table 2 that values of all reliability coefficients are around 90% and above and are found to be highly significant. 
Table 2: Reliability
Variables	Cronbach’s Alpha	Number of Items	P Values
Culture	0.922	10	0.027
Amount of Contact	0.914	14	0.00
Type of Relationship	0.894	08	0.037
Disability	0.910	03	0.001
Manga	0.899	07	0.007
Descriptive Analysis
It displays essence of sample data of the study. Mean values of dependent and independent variables are more than 1.5 which showed that data normally distributed around the range. From table 3 it can be seen that manga is more negatively skewed and type of relationship are least negatively skewed which show that in comparison to all causes, manga is the highest contributors towards influencing attitudes of people towards disabled persons. The minimum value was 0 which showed that the minimal sample is the smallest measurement whereas the maximum value is 4.38 which showed that the maximal of the sample is the highest measurement. “As per the defined standards the value of skewness and kurtosis lies between +3 and -3”. From table 3 it can be seen that all values are found within the defined range as per the standards but manga were more negatively peaked and type of relationship were less negatively peaked whereas mistakes were found to be more positively skewed and violations were found to be less positively skewed. 
Table 3: Descriptive Statistics
Variables	Mean	SD	Minimum	Maximum	Skewness	Kurtosis
Culture	1.351	0.661	0.10	2.80	0.287	-0.742
Amount of Contact	1.907	0.913	00	4.07	0.070	-0.624
Type of relationship	1.564	0.922	00	4.38	0.354	-0.376
Disability	1.561	0.941	00	4.00	0.300	-0.498
Manga	1.643	0.929	00	3.71	0.214	-0.746
Demographic Information
The demographic variables are five in number and include age; gender; education; experience and occupation. It can be seen from table 4 that majority of attitudes by people towards disabled people are found of age group of 25 to 31 whereas people above 53 years of age show less interest towards disabled people. There were 222 male respondents and 122 female respondents. The reason behind lesser number of female respondents is that in Pakistan the culture that does not permit females to openly submit their responses.  
Table 4: Demographics Statistics
Age	Frequency	Amount of Contact
Below 18	4	4
18-24	115	268
25-31	83	307
32-38	50	98
39-45	33	36
46-52	13	17
53-59	7	07
Gender	Frequency	
Male	222
Female	123
Correlation
“For the purpose of determining the relationship between independent and dependent variable correlation is used. Correlation Coefficient is ranging from +1 to -1. (**). The bivariate Pearson Correlation produces a sample correlation coefficient, r that measures the strength and direction of linear relationships between pairs of continuous variables. By extension, the Pearson Correlation evaluates whether there is statistical evidence for a linear relationship among the same pairs of variables in the population, represented by a population correlation coefficient, ρ (“rho”). The Pearson Correlation is a parametric measure. Correlation coefficients significant at the 0.05 level are identified with a single asterisk, and those significant at the 0.01 level are identified with two asterisks. **.”
It is exposed in the underneath table 5 that around is a sturdy and significant association among all society attitudes. When the relationship of independent variables was checked with dependent variable i-e disability it was found that type of relationships was more contributing towards disabilities, its value was .434** which was highly significant. On the other hand, manga were less contributing towards the occurrence of attitude for disabilities, its value was .183** which was highly significant. Manga was acting as a moderator all the values were highly significant and had a negative relationship with other variables which showed that increase in age can decrease the chances of negative attitudes towards disabled people.
Table 5: Correlation Analysis
	Culture	Type of Relationship	Manga	Amount of Contact	Disabilities
Culture						
Type of Relationship		.542**				
Manga		.654**	.679**			
Amount of Contact		.535**	.575**	.733**		
Disabilities		.595**	.697**	.746**	.694**	
“**. Correlation is significant at the 0.01 level (1-tailed).”
“Regression
For the purpose of determining the Impact of independent on dependent variable linear regression is used. As per the standard the R Square value should be more than 10 % with significant level should be 95%. The complete model is significant and the impact of independent variables were 0.308 on dependent variable”. After testing the individual effects of each independent variable on dependent variable it was found that type of relationship was more contributing towards attitude of people on disabled people its total effect was 18.8% which was highly significant whereas amount of contact was less contributing towards attitudes towards disabled persons and it put 11.9% effect on disabilities. The moderating effect of manga was also tested and proved through regression. It was found that people conduct more negative attitude towards disabled people in younger ages. 
Table 5: Regression Model
Dependent, Independent:
DV = Disabilities
IV = Amount of Contact
IV = Type of relationship
IV = Culture	Moderator: Manga
Sample Size = 345
“Total effect of IV on DV”
“Model 1”	“Β”	“SE”	“t-value”	“Sig”
C	-1.634	0.430	-3.80	0.000
Culture	0.717	0.343	2.093	0.037
Amount of Contact	1.245	0.271	4.590	0.000
Type of relationship	0.744	0.372	1.999	0.046
R	R2	Adj R	F	P
0.555	0.308	0.296	25.125	0.000
Total Moderating effect on IV & DV
(Constant)	-.040	.427	-1.847	.046
Manga X Culture	.011	.012	.973	.031
Manga X Amount of Contact	.029	.010	3.016	.003
Manga X Type of Relationship	.019	.013	1.389	.046
R	R2	Adj R	F	P
.462	.214	.200	15.299	.000
First model indicates the direct effect between all factors (amount of contact, culture, type pf relationship) and Disabilities, while the model indicates the indirect effect. The results indicate that both models 1 & 2 indices prove that all factors (amount of contact, culture, type pf relationship) have unequal degree of contribution in attitude towards disabled people & manga moderate the contribution of (amount of contact, culture, type pf relationship) towards attitude towards disabled people. So, RQ2 and RQ3 were supported. The data was analyzed through SPSS and during data analysis it was found that all different behaviors were contributing in the towards disabled people. All citizens from different professions having almost the same behaviors. Those behaviors collectively form an attitude. Due to these behaviors people had lost their lives and some experienced disability for life. One person’s life is associated with complete family. Because of these attitudes those families suffer for life time. In this digital era where most of the people are technology savvy, one technical solution may be adopted through which these negative attitudes can be improved or may be avoided. For that matter in this study technical solution will be proposed on the basis of above analysis. With the help of this solution the citizens will get get help in communicating with individuals faced disabilities in order to avoid negativity through digitization of manga. 
The study also investigated the moderating role of manga over the relationships between all factors (amount of contact, culture, type pf relationship) and disabilities after analyzing their contribution towards developing attitudes towards disabled people. The moderation was supported as per the analysis proving that increase in age of citizens change their mood and attitude towards disabled people they get positivity for them where as younger age is very less considerate towards disable people because of lack of maturity on the other end old age people are neutral or least interested in showing any attitude to disabled people because they have no energy to deal with people. 
Conclusion
There were three factors that were identified in this study named as amount of contact, culture, type pf relationship; these factors are contributed towards developing attitudes towards people with disabilities and all it is done by taking manga into an account as a moderator. There was no significant different was found in the attitudes of people towards “people with disabilities”. This study was conducted on  the citizens of Japan and United states of America. Amount of contact put no impact on molding the attitudes of people towards disabled people but when manga comics was taken as a moderator then the significant affect of amount of contact on people with disabilities was found. The more the people will contact with disabled people the more they develop their attitudes for instance age is also affecting this relationship. The younger people if interact with disables more then they will start taking them for grant similarly middle age people will be politer and more positive towards disabled people if they either meet them more often or less often. People with old ages are very cold hearted because of lack of energy in them so it doesn’t matter for them whether they meet with disabled people or not. the cultural background has not impact on attitudes of people towards disabled persons even if they take manga as a moderating factor or not. the current study has also taken certain disabilities specifically to prove the results. Visually impaired and blind people disabilities were compared. It was found that the basis of attitudes was relied on following factors:
People show negative attitude towards visually impaired and blinded people.
People always agreed with the main streams of the educations.
It is also believed that visually impaired and blind people are blessed with special abilities in spite or their disabilities. 
It is also believed that people took advantage of those people who are either blind or visually impaired by bullying them, making fun of them, joking with them, stealing things from them, taking benefit of their emotions, making them emotionally weak, emotionally black mail them etc.
 People does not feel any comfort by interacting with people who are visually impaired or blind.
Although their seemed to be a lot of issues but there are positive changes as well especially the point where it is mentioned that people with visual impairments also take advantage of their disability in the society. However, this point has not gained that much popularity in the entire research. It was also found that the children in their college age group have shown a lot of negative attitude towards disabled persons even they have studied the disables in manga. These results also effected the findings. It is also found that culture is not impacting the attitude of people towards people with disabilities. Anu sort of cultural gap does not create any difference of attitude towards disabled people. There is a gap of cultural between different nations like Japan and United States of America but this gap does not influence people’s attitude towards disabled people as manga is studied all over the world. However, it has been seen that there are many perspectives regarding attitudes that have been seen changing in the entire western world because west is very much concerned about the equality of individuals. The results also shown that if manga is included in the syllabus of college students then it will put a positive impact on social service and students develop positive attitudes for people who have been suffering from disabilities in Japan. 
Media is also the major contributor that has been impacting the attitude of people towards disabilities in cross cultural environment. It is noted that if manga are shown on social media and televisions there are higher chances that children will develop positive attitude towards the disabled persons and they will not show any disgrace to them. In japan it has been found that a lot of opportunities have been opened for people with disabilities such as work opportunities, study opportunities, marriage opportunity, taking part in societal activities, they mobilization in society etc. disable people is japan are also taking part in a lot of drams and movies and especially in those documentaries which are created on disabled people. A lot of programmers are getting on aired for the people with disabilities these programs help societies in changing their minds towards disable people and become empathetic and sympathetic towards disable people. Due to incorporation of manga for promoting issues and attitudes regarding disabled persons there is a massive increase in news and reports that are printed and displayed every day in newspapers. Whereas manga are also publishing in newspapers. Because of manga society have started to show their affiliations and familiarities towards disable people in japan also the perspective of people towards those with specific disabilities like visual impairment and blindness have also increased the positive attitude towards disabled people. However, on the other end it has also been shown that people have also developed negative thoughts for disabled people due to the inclusion of manga in mass media. Manga is considered the indirect forum of discussion on disabled people especially when people read manga in books, comics, television news and documentaries etc. some studies also revealed that mass media to some extent is also a cause of spreading negative thoughts for disable people. It has proved that not every form of media is responsible for creating positive attitude towards disabled persons. 
 Japan is also developing the social welfare for disabled people. There was survey conducted in 2003 in “Japan by ministry of public management, home affairs, posts and telecommunication that” there is huge increase of working class with disabled persons and the welfare societies have increase their welfare for disabled persons by 36% as compared to past 5 years. This was the huge revolution and change that took place in the industry. It has been found that there are certain domains working in which Japanese people enjoy a lot these domains are social working, counselling, living freely and independently and all this social work has become the attractive piece of cake for Japanese citizens. A lot of people participate in social welfare in japan voluntarily. A lot of students have volunteered in this field of social welfare. There is a huge increase in industries to do social welfare in japan which has increase a lot of opportunities, self service institutes etc. by keeping these findings in view it has been found that social welfare and human rights working is changing the dimensions in japan. Thus, the country is moving towards positive doors to fulfill the rights of the deprived communities. 
The results also shown that the amount of contact does not impact any attitude difference towards disabled people. However, there is another factor called length of time which impact the attitudes of people towards disabled people because some people get agitated by “spending a lot of time with disabled people” some people feel happy by “spending a lot of time with disabled people” and similarly some people when spend a long time with disabled people feel happy and satisfied because they came to know disable people and their miseries. However, attitudes of disabled people also counted a lot in making the perception of normal people towards them. If disabled people are not cooperative and teasing people than obviously it will not be possible for them to maintain a healthy and positive relationship. It does not create any difference how much frequently people meet with disabled people. People have responded in the questionnaire that there are some disabled people whom they know for more than 1 years, some of them are known by more than 25 years and some of them are known by 6 months. 14 respondents know disabled persons for more than a year and 25 know disabled persons for more than 25 years and 19 know disabled people for less than a year. An open ended questionnaire was also given in which people had to respond with a frequency against which people met with people with disabilities. The frequency was recorded as either 1 year, 1 week, 6 months, 3 weeks etc. the respondents who know any disable person for less than a year were failed to respond about their overall experience with them. 
There was a strong and significant relationship between a type of relationship and people with disabilities. In general, the people have united states claimed that they are enjoying a very positive and strong bond with their close relatives and friends who are disable. It is because the united states are far beyond in social services and are also providing a lot of opportunities towards disabled people. There was no significant relationship formed between type pf relationship and disability attitudes. It has also shown that a lot of disabled students are college students and the other college students whoa re not disabled showed a very strong positive attitude towards their disabled class fellows. It was found that the experiences of college students were very abrupt and spontaneously. The attitude and the type of relationship without the moderating effect of manga has no impact on the attitude of people towards disabled people.
Reference
Álvarez-Delgado, J. et al. (2020) ‘Questionnaire for Adolescents to Evaluate Their Attitudes towards Disability’, Sustainability, 12(21), p. 9007. doi:10.3390/su12219007.
Bello-Bravo, J., Payumo, J. and Pittendrigh, B. (2021) ‘Measuring the impact and reach of informal educational videos on YouTube: The case of Scientific Animations Without Borders’, Heliyon, 7(12), p. e08508. doi:10.1016/j.heliyon.2021.e08508.
Chege, W. (no date) ‘Using an E-intervention to challenge the current stigma of intellectual disability in Kenya’, p. 150.
Congenital Disabilities (no date) obo. Available at: https://www.oxfordbibliographies.com/view/document/obo-9780199791231/obo-9780199791231-0137.xml (Accessed: 10 April 2022).
Effects on Watching Anime on Individual Habits and Attitudes | Bartleby (no date). Available at: https://www.bartleby.com/essay/Effects-on-Watching-Anime-on-Individual-Habits-FK388YSX73GEY (Accessed: 26 March 2022).
Freer, J.R.R. (2021) ‘The Tripartite Intervention: Breaking Down Attitudinal Barriers in Education’, Journal of Disability Studies in Education, 2(1), pp. 50–76. doi:10.1163/25888803-bja10006.
Köse, H. and Sönmez-Kartal, M. (2022) ‘The effectiveness of video prompts created with animations in teaching car wash skills’, Education and Information Technologies, 27(2), pp. 2083–2097. doi:10.1007/s10639-021-10698-7.
Kurniawati, F. and Sabila, H. (2020) ‘The Use of Animated Video to Increase Early Childhood Knowledge about Disability and Their Behavorial Intention Towards Disabled Peers’, IJDS Indonesian Journal of Disability Studies, 7(1), pp. 72–80. doi:10.21776/ub.IJDS.2019.007.01.8.
Lu, S. and Zhang, R. (2019) ‘The influence of Japanese anime on the values of adolescent’, in. 2019 4th International Conference on Humanities Science and Society Development (ICHSSD 2019), Atlantis Press, pp. 272–274. doi:10.2991/ichssd-19.2019.54.
Mahaseth, H. (2018) ‘The Cultural Impact of Manga on Society’, pp. 1–5. doi:10.9734/AJL2C/2018/45673.
Masci, C.A. (no date) ‘Changing Attitudes: The Impact of a Disability Awareness Class’, p. 21.
Pollock, W.M. (2009) The Impact of On-Line Training on College Faculty Attitudes and Knowledge of Students with Disabilities, ProQuest LLC. ProQuest LLC.
Sloan, D., Stratford, J. and Gregor, P. (2006) ‘Using multimedia to enhance the accessibility of the learning environment for disabled students: reflections from the Skills for Access project’, ALT-J, 14(1), pp. 39–54. doi:10.1080/09687760500479936.
Stevens, S.C. et al. (2020) ‘Measuring Discriminatory Social Norms Against Children With Disabilities to Improve Communication-Based Programs’, Frontiers in Communication, 5. Available at: https://www.frontiersin.org/article/10.3389/fcomm.2020.541901 (Accessed: 10 April 2022).
‘Survey on animation in the disability sector’ (2021) Brain games apps for all, 14 January. Available at: https://www.dynseo.com/en/survey-on-animation-in-the-disability-sector/ (Accessed: 10 April 2022).
Zheng, Q. et al. (2016) ‘Comparison of attitudes toward disability and people with disability among caregivers, the public, and people with disability: findings from a cross-sectional survey’, BMC public health, 16(1), p. 1024. doi:10.1186/s12889-016-3670-0.
